DONE

All players can see the score/lives of all opponents.

HTML canvas is prohibited, and is not in use.

Each player can join from their own computer (browser).

The chosen game is appropriate.
It cannot just be a words/numbers based game. It must have playable characters, or a level of interactivity with other players which is competitive in nature.

All players simultaneously see the same game timer.

Each player can select or type a player name.

The chosen player name is unique.

The playable characters are equal.
All players have an equal chance of winning

A timer counts up or down.

The score/lives updates in real time

The player ahs implemented a scoring/lives system.

The game supports multiplayer with 2, 3 or 4 players.

It is possible to control game play with the keyboard
Keyboard entry must be smooth, with no input delays. It must not have any long-press input glitches.

The lead player can start the game once there are between 2 and 4 players.

Each player can see all other players and their actions in real-time.


WORKING ON

The game displays the pause menu with options to continue, restart or quit.

The game is stable throughout game play sessions.

It runs at a minimum of 60 FPS.

It runs without dropping frames

There are no dropped frames when pausing the game.

RequestAnimationFrame runs smoothly, unaffected by pausing the game.

The animation runs smoothly with proper use of RequestAnimationFrame .

Each player can join the game from a URL or IP address they are provided.
It does not have to be a pretty URL. It can be some temporary URL or IP address that allows the session to be joined. It must be available from any browser (not just from computers on the same network).

The game runs without crashing.



MISSING

At the end of the game, the winner is displayed

When a player pauses, restarts or quits, their name is displayed to other players.


Extra:

It incorporates a range of sound effects.

The game play is enjoyable and intriguing.

Players experience minimal lag or delay, allowing for smooth and uninterrupted gameplay sessions, which positively impacts engagement and enjoyment.

The game implements additional features and functionality to enhance gameplay
Such as power-ups, special abilities, custom game modes etc.

The game is visually pleasing, shows creativity.

It performs responds significantly beyond the minimum specification.